[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> Narrator: THIS IS THE TALE OF
A MAN WHO HAS YET TO REALIZE HIS
DESTINY.
SIMON AND KAMINA LIVE IN AN
UNDERGROUND VILLAGE.
BUT THE SUDDEN APPEARANCE OF
A GIANT MECHA, KNOWN AS A
GUNMEN, AND YOKO, A BEAUTIFUL
WOMAN WHO’S A CRACK SHOT WITH
A SUPERCONDUCTING RIFLE, HAS
SHATTERED THEIR DAILY ROUTINE.
THEY ATTACK THE ENEMY MECHA.
THEIR MOMENTUM LAUNCHES THE TRIO
TO THE SURFACE!
BUT THEN...
[mechanical stomping]
[growls]
[all scream]
>> Kamina: THAT’S PLAYING DIRTY!
>> Yoko: SORRY, I FORGOT TO TELL
YOU!
>> Kamina: WHAT?!
>> Yoko: THE TWO GUYS CHASING
US?
>> Kamina: YEAH?
>> Yoko: THERE WERE THREE OF
’EM, AND THEY JUMPED ME.
THE THING THAT FELL INTO YOUR
VILLAGE WAS ONE OF ’EM!
>> Kamina: WAIT!
YOU MEAN THERE ARE MORE OF
THESE THINGS?!
>> Yoko: THE PLACE IS CRAWLING
WITH ’EM!
>> Kamina: THIS IS GONNA BE FUN!
>> Simon: THIS SUCKS!
>> Kamina: WHAT’RE YOU DOING?!
>> Simon: LEAVING!
I’M GOING BACK HOME!
I WANNA GO BACK TO OUR VILLAGE!
>> Kamina: COME ON, SIMON, NOW’S
NOT THE TIME TO LOSE YOUR NERVE!
>> Yoko: YOU WERE DOING GOOD
BEFORE, REMEMBER?!
>> Simon: BUT THAT WAS JUST DUMB
LUCK BEFORE!
>> Kamina: AW, TO HELL WITH
THIS.
OPEN THE HATCH!
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY,
LISTEN UP, YA WALKING FACES!
HAVING LEFT HIS HOMELAND,
HE NEVER YIELDS, NEVER RETREATS,
AND NEVER REGRETS!
HE FACES FORWARD AND NEVER LOOKS
BACK!
HE’S MANLY!
HE’S TENACIOUS!
KAMINA OF TEAM GURREN IS HERE
TO TAKE YOU ON!
LET’S GO!
>> HUH?
>> Simon: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU COULDA BEEN KILLED!
>> Kamina: HOW LONG ARE YOU
GONNA KEEP RUNNING, SIMON?
WE MADE IT TO THE SURFACE.
NOW’S THE TIME TO CAST OFF
THE BOY YOU USED TO BE.
IT’S NOW OR NEVER.
>> Yoko: OKAY, SIMON!
JUST HOLD US STEADY!
[Gunmen growls]
AHHH!
>> Simon: WHOAAA!
I’M SCARED, BRO!
>> Yoko: I SAID HOLD US STEADY!
[laser blasts]
HELLO, ANYONE?
WE’RE SORTA FALLING!
>> Kamina: SIMON, WHAT’S WRONG?
>> Simon: IT’S NOT WORKING!
>> Kamina: WHY NOT?
>> Simon: I DON’T KNOW!
I CAN’T DO THIS ANYMORE!
YOU DO IT, BRO!
>> Kamina: SIMON!
WHAT ARE YOU‐‐
>> Yoko: WOULD YOU QUIT YOUR
SQUABBLING!
[gun clicks]
[gasps]
[growling]
>> Dayakka: HEY, YOKO!
YOU OKAY?
>> Yoko: DAYAKKA!
>> Kamina: FRIENDS OF YOURS?
>> Yoko: MM‐HMM.
>> Dayakka: JUST KEEP FIRING ON
THE ONE IN FRONT, EVERYONE!
>> Kamina: SOMETHING JUMPED OUT
OF IT!
>> Yoko: JUST KEEP YOUR
HEADS DOWN!
>> Mogyuu: YOU’RE KIDDING ME!
COME ON, THAT’S MY GUNMEN!
>> WE’RE PULLING OUT!
IT’S ALMOST SUNSET.
>> Mogyuu: STINKING HUMANS!
I WON’T FORGET!
WE’LL SETTLE THIS TOMORROW!
>> Dayakka: SHOW NO MERCY!
FIRE!
>> Mogyuu: HOT! HOT! HOT!
YOU’LL RUE THE DAY!
>> Kamina: SO, THAT’S WHAT’S
INSIDE THOSE THINGS, HUH?
>> Yoko: THEY’RE BEASTMEN.
THEY’RE THE THINGS THAT PILOT
ALL THE GUNMEN.
THEY SHOW UP EVERY DAY WHEN
THE SUN RISES AND LEAVE WHEN
IT SETS.
>> Kamina: WHY?
>> Yoko: I DON’T KNOW!
>> Kamina: YOU BEEN FIGHTING
THEM ALL YOUR LIFE?
>> Yoko: YES, I HAVE!
I’LL TELL YOU ABOUT IT LATER.
>> Kamina: YOU DID GOOD TODAY,
SIMON.
>> Simon: WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
I CAN’T DO THIS!
>> Kamina: WHENEVER MY ASS GETS
IN TROUBLE, YOU’RE ALWAYS THERE
TO SAVE IT!
THANKS A LOT.
>> Ron: HI, YOU LITTLE DARLING!
YOU’RE A HANDSOME DEVIL, AREN’T
YOU?
>> Kamina: HUH?
>> Ron: OH, I WASN’T TALKING
ABOUT YOU.
I WAS TALKING ABOUT THIS SWEET
MECHA.
>> Kamina: A "MECHA"?
>> Ron: UH‐HUH.
AND YOU KNOW, THIS ONE’S JUST
MY TYPE!
>> Kamina: WHAT?!
>> Ron: HEY THERE!
WHERE’D YOU COME FROM?
>> Dayakka: HEY, LET’S GO,
LEERON!
GET OVER HERE AND HELP ME STRIP
THIS THING!
>> Ron: I HEARD YOU.
I’M COMING!
SEE YA LATER, HON!
>> Kamina: BOY, THEY’VE GOT ALL
KINDS UP HERE ON THE SURFACE,
DON’T THEY?
I FINALLY MADE IT, DAD.
>> Simon: BRO?
>> Kamina: NOTHIN’.
SO HOW ’BOUT THIS VIEW?
>> Simon: UH, YEAH.
>> Kamina: SURFACE SURE IS
DIFFERENT, AIN’T IT?
>> Simon: HMM.
>> Kamina: LOOK AT THAT BIG,
ROUND LIGHT AND ALL THEM
ITTY‐BITTY LIGHTS.
EVEN AT NIGHT, THIS PLACE
IS FULL OF LIGHTS!
THIS IS WAY BETTER THAN
THAT PITCH‐BLACK PIT.
>> Simon: UH‐HUH.
>> Kamina: UH‐HUH!
YEAH, COMIN’ UP HERE WAS THE
RIGHT CALL.
>> Yoko: THAT BIG LIGHT’S
THE MOON.
THE ITTY‐BITTY ONES ARE
CALLED STARS.
ANYWAY, THAT’S WHAT PEOPLE
CALLED THEM WAY BACK WHEN.
>> Kamina: THE MOON AND STARS.
SIMPLE NAMES, AIN’T THEY?
>> Simon: SORTA MAKES YOU WONDER
WHY THEY GOT THOSE NAMES.
I MEAN, IF THE LIGHTS IN THE
SKY HAVE NAMES, THEN MAYBE THE
PEOPLE IN THE PAST USED TO LOOK
UP AT THEM TOO, RIGHT?
JUST LIKE WE’RE DOING.
>> Ron: WELL, YOU’RE NOT JUST
ANOTHER PRETTY FACE, ARE YOU,
HONEYBUNCH?
AND I THINK YOUR MECHA’S
FASCINATING!
IT MAY BE SMALL, BUT IT’S
PACKING A LOT OF POWER!
>> Simon: WHAT ARE YOU
DOING THERE?
>> Ron: RUNNING NUMBERS.
WANNA SEE?
>> Simon: WHAT ARE THOSE
SQUIGGLY LINES?
>> Ron: OOH!
YOU DON’T KNOW HOW TO READ?
>> Simon: "READ"?
DO YOU KNOW HOW TO DO THAT?
>> Kamina: UH‐UH.
>> Yoko: WOW, WHAT A COUPLE
OF BUMPKINS!
>> Ron: YOU’RE NOT EXACTLY
A BOOKWORM YOURSELF, MISSY.
>> Yoko: I CAN READ FINE.
THAT ONE SAYS "STARS,"
AND THIS ONE SAYS "MOON."
>> Simon: OH.
>> Ron: I JUST HAD A THOUGHT.
IT’S ENTIRELY POSSIBLE THAT
PEOPLE USED TO LIVE UP HERE ON
THE SURFACE A LONG TIME AGO.
>> Kamina: YOU’RE KIDDING.
>> Ron: SOME RECORDS SAY THEY
DID, AND OTHERS SAY THEY DIDN’T.
>> Kamina: WHICH IS IT?
>> Ron: A BIT OF BOTH, LIKE HOW
I’M KIND OF MAN AND WOMAN.
>> Kamina: YEAH, WHATEVER.
WHO ARE YOU, ANYWAY?
>> Ron: I’M LEERON,
BUT YOU CAN CALL ME RON.
OR YOU COULD CALL ME "BEAUTIFUL
QUEEN" IF YOU LIKE!
>> Kamina: I’D RATHER DIE!
>> Yoko: YOU’D NEVER GUESS, BUT
RON HERE KNOWS JUST ABOUT
EVERYTHING.
AND HE’S ALSO THE GUY WHO TAKES
CARE OF OUR WEAPONS MAINTENANCE.
>> Kamina: SERIOUSLY?
>> Ron: IS THAT SO STRANGE?
YOU WANNA GIVE THESE FINGERS
A DEXTERITY TEST?
YOU NEVER KNOW.
YOU JUST MIGHT LIKE IT.
>> Kamina: DIE, YOU!
>> Yoko: NOW, NOW.
ANYWAY, I’VE GOT THIS LITTLE
FAVOR I WANTED TO ASK YOU.
I WANT YOU TO CARRY THIS FOR ME.
>> Simon: BUT...
>> Yoko: WHAT’S THAT THING?
OHH, IT’S KINDA PRETTY.
[Ron and Kamina arguing]
[both gasp]
GUESS IT WORKS AFTER ALL,
DOESN’T IT?
WELL, FOLLOW ME.
>> Kamina: FOR MEN, IT’S THE
SPIRIT THAT ACTIVATES IT.
>> Ron: OH, SO FASCINATING.
>> Kamina: KEEP YOUR MITTS
OFF SIMON.
YOU GOT THAT?
>> Ron: THEN HOW ABOUT YOU?
>> Kamina: DIE!
>> Ron: IT’S CALLED A SENSE
OF HUMOR, HONEY.
TIME YOU GOT ONE.
>> Dayakka: I’M REALLY SORRY
ABOUT THIS.
YOUR VILLAGE WAS DAMAGED ON
ACCOUNT OF OUR SCREW‐UP, AND NOW
WE’RE MAKING YOU CARRY THIS
JUNK BACK.
I REALLY APPRECIATE ALL
YOUR HELP.
>> Yoko: WE HAVE TO USE EVERY
SCRAP WE FIND.
IF WE WEREN’T SO STRAPPED FOR
GEAR, IT’D BE DIFFERENT.
HUH?
WHAT’S WRONG, YOU TWO?
>> Kamina: WHAT THE HELL’S THAT?
>> Yoko: SOMEONE WHO WAS KILLED
BY GUNMEN.
AROUND HERE, STUFF LIKE THAT
HAPPENS A LOT.
>> Dayakka: THAT SHOULD DO IT.
>> Yoko: YEAH, WE COULDN’T LEAVE
HIS BONES JUST LYING THERE.
>> Kamina: HAH! PATHETIC.
YOU ASK ME, IT’S A WASTE OF TIME
DIGGING GRAVES FOR PEOPLE
WHO BUY IT OUT HERE IN THIS
EMPTY DUMP.
>> Yoko: YEAH, WELL, YOU NEVER
KNOW WHEN YOU’RE GONNA BE THE
ONE LYING THERE.
>> Kamina: NEVER HAPPEN!
OUR JOURNEY WON’T STOP UNTIL WE
PIERCE THE HEAVENS THEMSELVES!
AND BEYOND!
>> Yoko: HUH?
LOOK, YOU THINK IT’S SOME KIND
OF WONDERLAND UP HERE,
BUT IT ISN’T.
DO YOU ACTUALLY THINK WE LIVE
HERE LIKE THIS BY CHOICE?
>> Kamina: YOU DON’T?
>> Yoko: OUR LITTNER WAS ONCE AN
UNDERGROUND VILLAGE LIKE YOURS.
BUT THERE WAS AN ACCIDENT,
AND IT BECAME UNINHABITABLE.
WE HAD TO COME TO THE SURFACE.
AND WHEN WE DID, THOSE GUNMEN
WERE WAITING FOR US.
WE CAN’T GO HOME, SO OUR
ONLY CHOICE IS TO FIGHT.
>> Kamina: SOUNDS NICE!
THAT’S EXACTLY THE SORT OF WORLD
I WAS LOOKING FOR.
[all gasping]
>> Yoko: HUH?
[both snoring]
>> Yoko: IT FIGURES THEY’D
BE TIRED.
TODAY’S BEEN A DAY FULL OF
FIRSTS FOR THEM.
>> LOOK AT THAT, KIDDO!
THIS IS "UP."
THE SURFACE.
>> Kamina: THERE’S NOTHING HERE.
>> NOPE, NOT A THING.
>> Kamina: HUH?
>> THAT’S WHY I LIKE IT.
NO WALLS, NO CEILINGS.
THIS IS TRULY A MAN’S WORLD.
YOU COMING?
I SEE.
WHEN YOU’RE READY, COME UP
AND JOIN ME.
UNTIL THEN, KAMINA, GOOD‐BYE.
[thud]
>> Kamina: WHAT THE HELL?
COME ON, SIMON!
WHAT WAS THAT?
>> Simon: WHAT WAS THAT?
>> Yoko: MORNING.
>> Kamina: WHAT WAS THAT?
>> Ron: EVERY MORNING ON THE
SURFACE STARTS WITH A GUNMEN.
DO YOU BOYS NEED SOME
MORNING COFFEE?
>> Kamina: WHAT THE HELL IS
THAT, DIRTY WATER?
>> Ron: HERE COMES ANOTHER ONE.
[loud crash]
>> Kamina: HOT! HOT! HOT! HOT!
HOTCHYA!
>> Simon: THIS FEELS...
>> Dayakka: TWO DAYS IN A ROW?
MAN, THIS IS GONNA BE ROUGH.
>> Yoko: USUALLY, THERE’S A
BIGGER GAP BETWEEN THEIR RAIDS,
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE IT’S NOT THE
CASE TODAY.
MAYBE IT’S PAYBACK
FOR YESTERDAY.
>> Kamina: WHATEVER THE REASON
IS, WE GOTTA FIGHT ’EM!
>> Yoko: HOW ’BOUT WE KEEP
OUR OPINIONS TO OURSELVES?
KNOW HOW TO USE IT?
>> Kamina: DON’T LOOK DOWN ON
ME, MISSY!
WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK I AM?
>> Simon: GAH! BRO, I‐‐
>> Kamina: SIMON!
YOU’RE IN LAGANN, OKAY?
>> Simon: MAYBE YOU SHOULD
DO IT.
YOU’RE PROBABLY A BETTER PILOT
THAN ME ANYWAY, BRO.
>> Kamina: NO WAY.
THAT THING BELONGS TO YOU.
>> Simon: BUT I’M‐‐
>> Kamina: WE’RE COUNTIN’
ON YOU.
>> Dayakka: DON’T LET THEM GET
NEAR THE CAMP!
SPLIT INTO TWO TEAMS AND HOLD
THEM OFF!
>> Ron: COME ON!
LET’S GET YOU SET UP!
>> Simon: WOW.
>> Ron: AND I WAS UP ALL NIGHT
POLISHING IT.
>> Simon: UM, THANK YOU.
>> Ron: WELL, HOP IN!
JUST GIVE YOUR CORE DRILL
THE ORDER TO SPIN ON.
>> Simon: "SPIN ON"?
>> Ron: WHEN YOU SCREW IT IN,
GIVE IT A HARD, MANLY TWIST!
>> Simon: OKAY.
[mechanical clicking]
>> Ron: PROBLEMS AGAIN?
>> ALL RIGHT, YOU UPPITY
HUMAN FILTH!
>> WE’RE GONNA TAKE OUT THE
TRASH THIS MORNING!
[both cheering]
>> Kamina: WHAT A COUPLE
OF IDIOTS.
>> Dayakka: ALL RIGHT, LET’S GO.
[pounding]
HERE COMES ANOTHER ONE.
>> Kamina: ANOTHER?
>> Yoko: YOU GUYS MIGHT WANNA
COVER YOUR EARS FOR THIS ONE.
>> ONE, TWO, THREE.
>> Kamina: HUH?
WHAH?
WHAT THE HELL?
[Simon screams]
THESE TREMORS!
>> ONE, TWO, ONE, TWO, ONE, TWO.
>> Simon: THEY DID IT!
THEY WERE THE CAUSE OF
THE TREMORS!
IT’S THEM!
THE QUAKES WERE THEIR FAULT.
[growls]
>> Simon: IT’S THEIR FAULT MY
MOM AND DAD ARE‐‐
[screams]
[yelling]
>> Dayakka: THAT’S A BIG ONE.
>> Yoko: I’VE NEVER SEEN
IT BEFORE.
>> Kamina: I LIKE THE FACE ON
THAT ONE!
>> Dayakka: NOW!
[growling]
>> Kamina: WHAT THE‐‐
>> Yoko: WE PLANTED EXPLOSIVES
ALL AROUND THE TOP OF THE CLIFF.
OUR PLAN WORKED BEAUTIFULLY.
[Gunmen yelling]
>> Yoko: THOSE THINGS ARE TOUGH!
>> Kamina: FINE BY ME!
THAT THING’S GIVING ME
THE CHILLS!
ALL RIGHT, I’M GONNA TAKE
THAT GUNMEN!
>> Yoko: WHAT?
>> Kamina: I SAID I’M GONNA
PILOT THAT THING, OKAY?
>> Yoko: HELLO?
>> Kamina: THOSE BEASTMEN OR
WHATEVER THE HELL YOU CALL ’EM
ARE THE ONES OPERATING THEM,
RIGHT?
WELL, IF THEY CAN DO IT,
SO CAN I!
>> Yoko: I’VE NO IDEA WHERE HE
GETS HIS CONFIDENCE.
>> Kamina: OH, SCREW YOU!
FOR MEN, ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER
THAN WORDS!
>> Yoko: OH, YEAH?
WELL, I’M A WOMAN!
>> Simon: BRO!
>> Kamina: GOT HERE JUST IN
TIME, BLOOD BROTHER!
>> Dayakka: DOES ANYONE KNOW
WHAT THAT GUY THINKS HE’S DOING?
>> Simon: THEY DID IT!
IT WAS THEM!
EVERY TIME THOSE THINGS CAUSE
A TREMOR UP HERE, IT ENDS UP AS
AN EARTHQUAKE DOWN BELOW!
>> Kamina: SO THAT’S WHAT
THEY WERE.
>> Simon: THESE GUYS KILLED
MY MOM AND DAD.
>> Kamina: SIMON, GLAD TO SEE
YOU WORKED UP, BUT DON’T BE
IMPATIENT.
TO WIN A FIGHT, IT TAKES GUTS
AND A COOL HEAD!
LISTEN UP.
I’M GONNA HELP MYSELF TO THAT
POINTY ONE.
>> Simon: HUH?
>> Kamina: I BET I CAN GET
INSIDE BY GOING THROUGH THE FACE
IN ITS BELLY.
I NEED YOU TO FORCE IT OPEN.
>> Simon: BUT CAN YOU
OPERATE IT?
>> Kamina: WELL, HOW DID YOU
KNOW HOW TO PILOT LAGANN?
>> Simon: I DON’T KNOW.
I JUST GRABBED THESE THINGS
AND IT ALL JUST SORTA
FLOWED INTO ME.
>> Kamina: WELL, THAT’S
WHAT I’LL DO.
>> Simon: WHAT?
>> Kamina: YOU JUST NEED THE OLD
FIGHTING SPIRIT.
>> Simon: I DON’T THINK SO.
>> Kamina: WHATEVER.
JUST TAKE US IN!
>> Simon: THAT DOESN’T SOUND
VERY COOLHEADED!
[both scream]
WHOA!
>> OH, SORRY, SIR.
>> Yoko: GOOD GRIEF!
WHY AM I ALWAYS STUCK WITH
THE JOB OF GIVING THAT MORON
BACKUP?
>> Kamina: HA HA!
THAT BODY GIVES ME THE CHILLS
EVERY TIME I LOOK AT IT.
[laughs]
[groaning]
[gun fires]
WHAT‐‐
WHAT THE‐‐
>> GET OFF HIS HEAD, HUMAN!
>> Kamina: SIMON!
>> Simon: DON’T EVEN THINK ABOUT
TOUCHING MY BROTHER!
[yelling]
>> JUST TAKE A SEC, BRO.
HANG ON!
>> Kamina: GET OUT.
I’M TAKING OVER.
YEAH, IT’S ALL ABOUT THE
FIGHTING SPIRIT!
[alarm sounds]
WHA?
>> COMMANDER GUZACK HAS BEEN
KILLED!
>> ROTTEN, STINKING HUMANS!
YOU’LL PAY FOR THIS!
>> Guzack: NO, YOU IDIOTS, I’M
NOT DEAD!
I’M DOWN HERE!
OW!
>> HOW DARE YOU KILL SQUAD
LEADER GUZACK!
>> THIS IS FOR THE COMMANDER!
[Kamina screams]
>> Simon: I’M COMING!
>> I’M GONNA SEND YOU TO THE
AFTERLIFE TOO, YOU PIPSQUEAK.
[all gasp]
>> Kamina: CRAP.
COME ON.
WHAT’S SLOWING YOU DOWN, KAMINA?
SHOW ME SOME OF THAT FIGHTING
SPIRIT!
[heavy breaths]
DON’T SCREW WITH ME...
YOU BASTARDS.
JUST WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK
I AM?
>> IT’S ALL OVER FOR YOU, RUNT.
>> Kamina: "WHO THE HELL DO
YOU THINK I AM" KICK!
"HANDS OFF MY BELOVED LITTLE
BROTHER" PUNCH!
SIMON!
COME ON, PULL IT TOGETHER!
>> Simon: THAT YOU, BRO?
>> Kamina: SORRY I’M LATE.
GOT A LITTLE HELD UP.
ALL RIGHT, LET’S TAKE ’EM DOWN!
>> Simon: RIGHT.
WAIT, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> Kamina: THEY’RE ALL YOURS,
SIMON.
AND PUT SOME BACKBONE INTO IT!
READY?
FINISHING MOVE!
"PERFECT COMBUSTION OF MANLY
SOULS" CANNONBALL ATTACK!
>> Simon: I HOPE YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU’RE DOING!
[all gasp]
>> HA HA, YOU MISSED US.
>> Kamina: YEAH?
THINK SO, HUH?
>> Simon: GUESS I DON’T HAVE
A CHOICE ANYMORE!
>> NEENER NEENER‐‐
>> Guzack: THEY‐‐
THEY DESTROYED THEM ALL!
[whimpers, screams]
>> Dayakka: BOY, TALK ABOUT
OVERKILL.
>> Yoko: YEAH, BUT YOU GOTTA
ADMIT IT WAS COOL.
>> Ron: HMM?
SO HE’S YOUR TYPE?
>> Yoko: WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
>> Ron: WELL, I’M IMPRESSED.
HIJACKING A GUNMEN ISN’T
SOMETHING THAT EVER EVEN
OCCURRED TO US.
THOSE BOYS ARE QUITE AMUSING,
AREN’T THEY?
>> Simon: AW, COME ON.
GIVE ME A BREAK, WILL YOU, BRO?
[laughs]
>> Kamina: I MADE UP MY MIND.
I’M NAMING THIS ONE GURREN.
NO MATTER HOW NASTY THIS PLACE
MAY BE, YOU AND ME ARE GONNA
FIGHT OUR WAY THROUGH IT‐‐
ME WITH MY GURREN AND YOU WITH
YOUR LAGANN.
WAIT FOR ME, OLD MAN.
HEY, SORRY THERE, PAL.
I REALLY DIDN’T WANNA
DISTURB YOU.
I GUESS I GOT A LITTLE WILD THIS
AFTERNOON, BUT TRY NOT TO HOLD
IT AGAINST ME, OKAY?
EH?
[gasps]
NO WAY!
IT CAN’T BE!
IT JUST CAN’T BE!
IT ISN’T POSSIBLE!
DAD.
[all gasp]
>> OH, MAN, YOU BOUGHT IT
OUT HERE?
YOU DIED.
YOU DIDN’T WAIT!
DAD!
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> Kamina: THE FACE I SHOW THE
WORLD’S THE ONLY BILLBOARD I’LL
EVER NEED!
SO WHAT KINDA FACE IS THIS
THAT’S CHALLENGING ME WITH
ALL THAT BURNING ENTHUSIASM?
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN!
"WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE,
HAVING TWO FACES!!"